Add docs for role.spec.allow.reason.mode (#49363)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/access-controls/access-requests/access-request-configuration.mdx

1. If one of the user's roles includes the `reason` strategy, the user must
   provide a reason when authenticating.

> ## Reason mode
> 
> Reason mode allows enforcing users to provide reason while making an Access Request. It only works
> in allow rules and is set with `allow.request.reason.mode`.

Reviewer: nit: "Reason mode" feels weird written out in english, maybe this is better
```suggestion
## Requiring request reasons

The `allow.request.reason.mode` field controls whether a reason is required when users submit access requests.
```

Author: I don't have a strong opinion here. @r0mant ?

Reviewer 2: Nic's suggestion looks good to me.

Author: 14574945c841dd281e458f52c6c4486612bc12db

Allowed values are:

|Value|Meaning|
|---|---|
| `optional` | The default. The user does not need to provide a reason when making a request. |

> | `required` | The user must provide a reason when making a request. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `required` | The user must provide a non-empty reason when making a request. |
```

Example:

```yaml
kind: role

> version: v6

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
version: v7
```

Author: Should I change it in all examples in on this page?

Reviewer 2: Yeah role v7 is the latest, we should prefer using it.

Author: 81b0dad5074ac2eb1c1f05c077722833ed5b655a

metadata:
  name: node-requester
spec:
  allow:
    request:
      roles:
        - 'node-access'
      search_as_roles:
        - 'root-node-access'
      reason:
        mode: 'required'
```

If a user with "node-requester" role assigned makes an Access Request for "node-access" role or any

> resource allowed by "root-node-access" they will be required to provide a reason. This is true even
> if they are assigned to another role which allows requesting those roles/resources and doesn't have
> the reason mode set to "required". Or in other words, if there are multiple roles allowing
> requesting the same roles/search_as_roles with request mode set, "require" has a higher priority
> than "optional".

Reviewer 2: Nit: A little shorter and still carries the point across.
```suggestion
resource allowed by "root-node-access" they will be required to provide a reason. If
a user's roleset includes multiple roles governing access requests to the same roles
and resources, "require" mode takes precedence.
```
